Add Facilities API release note for mobile and active_status (#225)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/facilities/facilitiesReleaseNotes.mdx

## September 30, 2019
You can now see if Health facilities are mobile or temporarily closed (for power outages, weather, etc.)
- Added `mobile` and `active_status` flags to the API response for Health facilities (other facility types will return `null` for these fields). Options for `mobile` are `true` or `false`; options for `active_status` are `A` for Active or `T` for Temporarily closed. [View code change(s)](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/3339/commits)

>   - If a facility is mobile, the address is subject to frequently change. To get the exact current location, consumers should contact the mobile facility directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If a facility is mobile, the address is subject to frequent changes. To get the exact current location, consumers should contact the mobile facility directly.
```
